---
title: P6 - User Testing & Final Release
layout: doc
---

# Project Phase 6: User Testing & Final Release

## Links

You can find the Vercel deployment [here](https://plant-it-beta.vercel.app/)  
You can find the Github repo [here](https://github.com/irisxyang/plant-it)  
You can find the demo video [here](https://youtu.be/bBC5DqVrq60)



## User Testing



### User Test 1: Jack  


#### Summary




#### Takeaways




### User Test 2: Mike  


#### Summary  


#### Takeaways




### User Test 3: Harry  


#### Summary


#### Takeaways




## Design Revision  

- **Reactiveness**: We made the app completely reactive because some functionality, such as adding or removing users, were not reactive and required a reload to show the new users of a project. Non-reactive functionality would confuse users into thinking that their actions didn’t work when they actually did so we updated all actions to be reactive to accurately represent user actions.<br/>
- **More Instructions**: We added more text to the app so that users that came across the app themselves could be able to figure out how to use the app by themselves. <br/>
- **Sorted Tasks**: We sorted tasks in the task table by ascending deadline with no deadline tasks at the end. This helped users much more quickly locate their tasks, especially the ones with sooner deadlines. <br/>
- **Clearing Forms**: We cleared the forms after a user creates a task or adds a member. This is to remove any confusion that the user may have in thinking that the change did not go through and also an improvement to convenience since using the forms consecutively no longer requires users to clear each input. <br/>
- **Project Progress Visualization**: We added a progress bar as well as the corresponding completion percentage text to the project view so that users can visualize their progress very easily and be able to determine how close they are to finishing their project. <br/>
- **Remove User Functionality**: We implemented removing users from a project for project managers, allowing project managers to have more control over their project and to remove unwanted members. <br/>
- **Cutting Features**: We initially planned to implement Depending to show what tasks depended on what, but we decided not to in the interest of time.<br/>
- **More Accurate Messages**: We fixed many bugs that would result in error messages on the app so that users can navigate through the app without constant error messages popping up.<br/>
- **Reward Status**: Changed so that if a task is unchecked, the reward is removed to allow for “accidental checks” and more flexibility.<br/>
- **Project Progress Percent**: Helps users visualize how complete a progress is.
  Remove User from Project: Functionality was not fully implemented yet but is essential to a project manager.<br/>
- **App Description on Home Page**: Good for new users + explaining the garden rewarding system.<br/>
- **Project Concept**: Did not think it made sense to scrape together different pieces of data from all of our other concepts so we centralized it in projects.

